just a quick video of the new light on
top of my 65 gate on an acrylic tank
it's a beams work 90 I think that stands
for centimeters it's a three-foot light
I'm not sure how good the iPhone will
pick up the shimmer I know there you go
you can see it
this tank is 18 inches deep and 15
inches wide from tabac just a light
fixture
it's gonna go on a 36-inch tank I've
just got the legs extended here to fit
on this tank you can see the old fixture
in the background or the size difference
but I'm happy with the quality of the
new light very inexpensive put it on
moonlight mode here the fish are
probably gonna freak out
those reflections on the bottom are a
lot more noticeable with the blue lights
than the regular white lights
because it just on here temporarily I've
got to 40 gallon breeders that these
lights are gonna go on I've got two of
these lights I'm gonna separate the fish
that are in here
that's some sokoloff eye and some a lot
of Cara's do work bronty's they're all
really young still
which is a good amount of surface
agitation on this tank you can see over
here that's from the built in or is it
what's up there the built in filter in
the back of the tank comes out there and
then on this side there's a flooville
206 that I have on here as well just for
additional filtration and also to seed a
filter for one of the 40 gallon tanks
well kind of a whole tank shot so that's
what they look like